index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: single
title: High-Level Parallel Programming and Applications
header:
  image: /assets/images/cover_nordkettenbahn.jpg
---

{% include subs_open.html center=true %}

## 18th International Symposium, Innsbruck, Austria 3-4 July 2025

The 18th HLPP symposium will be held as a two-day event, hosted by the [Computer Science Department](https://www.uibk.ac.at/informatik) of the [University of Innsbruck](https://www.uibk.ac.at) in Austria. It focuses on high-level parallel programming of multi-/many-core platforms, accelerator architectures, heterogeneous compute clusters, and highly parallel or distributed infrastructures.

HLPP serves as a forum for researchers and engineers in parallel computing, offering an excellent opportunity for scientists to present their latest ideas and findings in this challenging and ever-changing research field. We especially encourage innovative approaches in parallel programming models and applications, high-level parallel languages, compilers, runtime systems, and programming tools for all classes of parallel machines.

Following the successful [2024 symposium in Pisa](https://hlpp2024.di.unipi.it/), HLPP 2025 aims to deliver an enriching conference experience in Innsbruck, featuring impactful research, constructive discussions, and valuable networking opportunities.

Submissions are [now open]({{ 'cfp' | relative_url }}), and we look forward to welcoming you to the University of Innsbruck in July!

![University of Innsbruck Logo]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/uibk_logo.svg)
{: style="text-align: center;"}

Commit message:

Submission closed, keynote speaker announcement

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: single
title: High-Level Parallel Programming and Applications
header:
  image: /assets/images/cover_nordkettenbahn.jpg
---

## 18th International Symposium, Innsbruck, Austria 3-4 July 2025

### 2025-05-12 -- Submissions closed and keynote speakers confirmed

Submissions are now closed. Thanks to all authors for their contributions! The program committee has started the review process, and we will notify authors of the results by June 6, 2025.

At this time, we are happy to confirm our two keynote speakers:
 * [Prof. Dr. Gabriele Keller](https://www.uu.nl/staff/GKKeller) from Utrecht University, Netherlands
 * [Prof. Dr. Martin Schulz](https://www.professoren.tum.de/en/schulz-martin) from the Technical University of Munich, Germany

We will share more details about the program and the keynote talks in the coming weeks, when registration opens.

### 2025-02-10 -- Submissions are open

Submissions are [now open]({{ 'cfp' | relative_url }}), and we look forward to welcoming you to the University of Innsbruck in July!

---

# Overview

The 18th HLPP symposium will be held as a two-day event, hosted by the [Computer Science Department](https://www.uibk.ac.at/informatik) of the [University of Innsbruck](https://www.uibk.ac.at) in Austria. It focuses on high-level parallel programming of multi-/many-core platforms, accelerator architectures, heterogeneous compute clusters, and highly parallel or distributed infrastructures.

HLPP serves as a forum for researchers and engineers in parallel computing, offering an excellent opportunity for scientists to present their latest ideas and findings in this challenging and ever-changing research field. We especially encourage innovative approaches in parallel programming models and applications, high-level parallel languages, compilers, runtime systems, and programming tools for all classes of parallel machines.

Following the successful [2024 symposium in Pisa](https://hlpp2024.di.unipi.it/), HLPP 2025 aims to deliver an enriching conference experience in Innsbruck, featuring impactful research, constructive discussions, and valuable networking opportunities.

![University of Innsbruck Logo]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/uibk_logo.svg)
{: style="text-align: center;"}
